October 2022 General Conference
Sunday Morning Session
"Overcome the World and Find Rest"
 By President Russell M. Nelson

I weep over your heartaches, disappointments, and worries. I love you.
I assure you that our Heavenly Father and His Beloved Son Jesus Christ,
love you. They are intimately aware of your circumstances, your
goodness, your needs, and your prayers for help. Again and again, I pray
for you to feel Their love for you.

My dear brothers and sisters, so many wonderful things are ahead. In
coming days, we will see the greatest manifestations of the Savior's
power that the world has ever seen. Between now and the time He returns
"with power and great glory," He will bestow countless privileges,
blessings, and miracles upon the faithful.

Dear brothers and sisters, I grieve for those who leave the Church
because they feel membership requires too much of them. They have not
yet discovered that making and keeping covenants actually makes life
easier! Each person who makes covenants in baptismal fonts and in
temples, and keeps them, has increased access to the power of Jesus
Christ. Please ponder that stunning truth!

The reward for keeping covenants with God is heavenly power, power that
strengthens us to withstand our trials, temptations, and heartaches
better. This power eases our way. Those who live the higher laws of 
Jesus Christ have access to His higher power. Thus, covenant keepers
are entitled to a special kind of rest that comes to them through their
covenantal relationship with God.

Dear brothers and sisters, my message to you today is that because Jesus
Christ overcame this fallen world, and because He atoned for each of us,
you too can overcome this sin-saturated, self-centered, and often
exhausting world.

Because the Savior, through His infinite Atonement, redeemed each of us
from weakness, mistakes, and sin, and because He experienced every pain,
worry, and burden you have ever had, then as you truly repent and seek
His help, you can rise above this present precarious world.

You can overcome the spiritually and emotionally exhausting plagues of
the world, including arrogance, pride, anger, immorality, hatred, greed,
jealousy, and fear. Despite the distractions and distortions that swirl
around us, you can find true rest, meaning relief and peace, even amid
your most vexing problems.

This important truth prompts three fundamental questions:
First, what does it mean to overcome the world?
Second, how do we do it?
And third, how does overcoming the world bless our lives?

Now, overcoming the world certainly does not mean becoming perfect in
this life, nor does it mean that your problems will magically evaporate
because they won't. And it does not mean that you won't still make
mistakes. But overcoming the world does mean that your resistance to
sin will increase. Your heart will soften as your faith in Jesus Christ
increases. Overcoming the world means growing to love God and His
Beloved Son more than you love anyone or anything else.

As we strive to live the higher laws of Jesus Christ, our hearts and our
very natures begin to change. The Savior lifts us above the pull of this
fallen world by blessing us with greater charity, humility, generosity,
kindness, self-discipline, peace, and rest.

I call upon you, my dear brothers and sisters, to become this righteous
people. Cherish and honor your covenants above all other commitments.
As you let God prevail in your life, I promise you greater peace,
confidence, joy, and yes, rest.
